hey you guys I'm so you crawl here um I
thought I would make this video about a
hidden room because etho had recently
come out with his bud switch which
allows you to use the fact that blocks
want to block updates next to a piece of
water block that is like this c/o
instant minds off so when I block
updates or let's say a block is placed
like so then the water then moves it
updates and moves into another channel
and using this he was able to create a
switch so knowing that i recreated this
room just want to make it kind of like a
cave room as you guys can see there is
no no switches and levers no nothing see
nothing hidden in there no pressure
plates the button so i can tell that
this room is completely legit i'll just
go ahead and block this entrance off
it's a pretty decent cave I have to turn
instant mine off you can as you can see
these red stone blocks here you kid
either right-click oops as long as you
didn't have anything in your infant toy
as long as you didn't have anything in
your hand so I have nothing in your hand
you can right-click and it will turn on
the effects as you can see there
same thing there also they light up just
slightly now this is the one that
actually does something gives you a
little secret room now there's a to
flip-flop hooked up to it which I'll
show you guys here in a second what the
mechanisms look like but the the problem
is that that technically the block is
going to update twice once when the
redstone flashes you know it gives that
little graphical deep the graphics just
show you guys again oops we should make
that longer basically right there yeah
nice little sparkles so that's one
update and then it's going to do it
again when it turns off like right there
so on turns on opens up and then the
moment it turns off cheers again it's a
random amount of time that it does that
so that's hard to control you can set up
mechanisms to make it stay on and then
when you go in the bedroom you can use
the switch in there to turn off your RS
nor latch and then put an and gate to it
like if the RS nor latch is already on
then you hook up an an and gate the RS
nor latch and the the button and if both
are on then the door will open that kind
of thing all right guys here we are
behind my makeshift cave and here's the
bud switch which I will have a link
posted obviously for ethos bud switch
design sethbling actually just came out
with a bud bud switch improved
I wouldn't say it's improved it does
utilize a different bug actually
technically uses two different bugs one
this bug where the water doesn't fall
down until the block is updated and then
another bug where read when two pieces
of redstone are trying to power one
piston the piston will not d will not
retract so that's two bugs he's using to
make his which works fine don't get me
wrong however I think the less bugs the
better so it goes from the blood switch
into my t flip-flop here out and into
the Pistons these are the Pistons that
power the door I will also put a link up
for the t flip-flop so you guys if you
wanted to recreate this you guys
wouldn't have any issues right behind
here's where I put the switch why it's
open by default is because when I was
setting things up here I accidentally
pushed the button so it's my fault this
is what I did right here I had a
oops i had a button right there with
some redstone and I was just testing my
t flip-flop so it's that simple so just
to kind of show you guys let's tear this
down a little bit oops I don't think I
wanted to destroy that this is the block
that when it gets updated it triggers
all of this I just need to make sure i
have no parts in there as you see uses a
pressure plate so if you have little
items falling down in there that
wouldn't go well alright so you could
trigger this by stepping on it or left
clicking or right-clicking i'm just
going to right-click know that works to
see it's on at the moment and when I
deep when it now the effects a lighting
turn off then it will change back in
fact I messed that up because I put
redstone line
there you go all right guys sorry about
that that was a bit of a lengthy video
for something pretty simple um I hope
you guys like it I will see you guys
later